workshops
TBR hosts workshops twice a week.

reducing
you're reducing your consumption of fossil fuels.

save
you save on gas,

ride
who ride for change.

deteriorates
Without fertilization, it deteriorates shockingly fast.

get
All the nutrients get depleted."

comes
and yet even with access to sophisticated data it often comes down to human factors.

adjusts
that adjusts its width to the text underneath it.

occur
in which the elements occur, e.g. <h1>, or .

encounters
When the parser encounters something like a +_2 b,

encounters
When the parser encounters something like a + _2 b,

lures
and lures men to their downfall with her sexual attractiveness.

shop
People from each town work, shop, eat,

socialize
and socialize in towns separate from their own,

instills
Each town, with their own identity, instills a strong regionalistic feeling within their respective populations,

takes
Oftentimes this regionalism takes the form of bizarre forms of hatred, with certain towns

attribute
animals attribute intelligent and sensitive qualities to “stupid, non-feeling” animals.

stand
we stand guard for all animals.

killed
of other countries and are still being cruelly and often illegally killed by gillnets and harpoons.

washing
And now, growing numbers of dolphins with malignant tumors and high levels of toxic chemicals in their tissues are washing onto U.S. beaches.

continue
And thousands of endangered sea turtles and other creatures continue to die each year unnecessarily due to wasteful fishing and over development, forces

eroding
and eroding their international competitive advantage.

None
collects data from countries around the world on risk factors such as tobacco, malnutrition, childhood abuse, unsafe sex, childbirth, and cholesterol levels, as well as on disease burdens, for example depression, blindness, and diarrhea.

None
Several factors modulate fibroblast proliferation and collagen production,

goes
but shopping goes on into the evening, up to 9:30pm.

close
they generally close at 6pm

sell
These stores sell excess stock or factory overruns.

put
and innovative productions put on by leading talent from both East and West.

offered
Nightlife tours are offered by a number of companies.

including
usually including dinner and dancing on board an air-conditioned floating nightclub.

used
which itself is sometimes used as a moniker for Crip.

ride
They ride, breed, milk,

operate
Three major football competitions operate throughout the year:

used
used to describe equine-related concepts, covering everything from anatomy to life stages, size, colors, markings, breeds, locomotion, and behavior.

used
Specific terms and specialized language are used to describe equine anatomy, different life stages, colors and breeds.

used
The term "horse" is sometimes used colloquially to refer specifically to a stallion.

drawn
The distinction between a horse and pony is commonly drawn on the basis of height, especially for competition purposes.

exercise
but sovereigns in the smaller states exercise greater political influence than in the larger.

refers
In current usage the word monarchy usually refers to a traditional system of hereditary rule,

manifests
although sometimes Tumwi manifests itself as a thing of the sky (ahi a tumwin), such as a rainbow or a bird.

provides
which provides education, basic medical care and instruction in Christianity.

used
used to refer to several common species of omnivorous South American freshwater fish

allowing
while allowing the canoe to drift,

go
who go to fly fish for pacu.

compete
Both subsistence fishers and their commercial rivals compete in netting large quantities of pacu,

delegates
India similarly delegates control of marriage and some other civil matters to the religious communities, in large part as a way of accommodating its Muslim minority.

