kept
Today, I kept it simple.

dealing
dealing with the camera and the car window,

did
(I did).

did
I did it by throwing flowers all along those places

accomplished
But my actions accomplished something today.

brings
Which brings us back to: 1.

catching
it is catching on among the under-60 set.

Turns
Turns out

going
and going to Vietnam.

Loved
Loved this!

did
My wife and I did this

got
By the time I got to Asheville,

nearing
I was nearing the end of my journey and the bottom of my wallet.

eating
eating slower and slower with each bite to savor it more completely.

improved
But wow, it sure improved

tinkered
All around me, college students and bike punks tinkered with their machines.

stolen
his last bike was stolen

did
he did just that).

left
all of whom left with snazzy rides --

changing
Now you're changing the world.)

cam
post i cam across:

None
Tried/shared/re-tweeted, with pleasure!

sharing
while we were sharing a beer in broad daylight last weekend.

exceeded
-- an event that exceeded all expectations

cost
but it cost money,

grown
but little of it was grown on the Cape.

turns
she was literally raised by wolves turns out to be just a regular, if depressed, person.

given
and how she was given her first gun as a birthday present

appered
that appered in TimeOut New York about matters of race in publishing.

read
Comment #1, by carleen I read that article in the Times

thought
and IMMEDIATELY thought

thought
But then I thought,

wonder
Comment #3, by Sarah Schulman I wonder

wonder
Comment #4, by Sarah Schulman I wonder

noodling
genre I was noodling on Vampires the other day,

lumped
but also lumped Zombies, Pirates and Ninjas in the mix.

]
( Pirates for adults [NSFW]You get the point0.

greenlighting
Somebody at AMC is greenlighting The Walking Dead based partly on historical evidence

inspired
This post was inspired by a recent post by Grant McCracken .

consider
that we consider (again) the model of TeX and the Computer Modern fonts.

show
but inspection of the contents show

illustrate
We illustrate this case with an example.

composing
In composing a longer piece about concerns here,

raises
This raises the issue of scoping

borrowed
that the HTML 3.0 proposal borrowed from LaTeX and TeX.

suggests
The current inability to call the browser to handle such nested tags suggests

made
e.g. Fibonacci's formula instead of equation 1.13 --this made listening to cross-referenced material easier.

performed
AsTeR also performed the other kind of sub-expression naming

look
as we look at issues now.

made
In my recent list of questions and comments to Bruce, I made reference to the fact

pushing
that WRI is pushing a standard of its own.

asking
but I was asking a question

consented
he consented grudgingly and certainly not wholeheartedly".

working
and am working to get this fixed.

sees
When the parser sees the '+',

sees
it sees

sees
When the parser sees the '+',

sees
it sees

drains
who drains the life force out of her human husband.

depict
In both incarnations of Madame White snake, the authors depict her as bewitchingly beautiful.

align
Both of these stories align negative connotations with her beauty,

characterize
While both stories each characterize Madame White Snake fairly consistently within their narratives,

causes
but she also causes him to find trouble with the law

deceives
and deceives him about her supernatural nature.

uncovered
In both stories, Madame White Snake’s secret is uncovered

comes
and a monk comes to exorcise her,

rendered
and she is eventually rendered powerless and trapped under a pagoda.

becomes
Her husband becomes a monk,

implicates
and this further implicates Lady White Snake, this time from a Buddhist perspective.

tempted
and tempted you.

breaking
that her human lover is breaking his promise to her

leaves
when he leaves her.

breaks
the male protagonist breaks a promise

suffers
and suffers for it,

forgetting
completely forgetting the love

makes
makes readers more sympathetic to Madame White Snake’s plight.

ends
However, no matter how much sympathy Madame White Snake may gather from readers, the story still ends with her

harmed
In the initial versions of this story Madame White Snake harmed her human lover, so her entrapment under a pagoda by a Taoist monk or later,

created
However, consciously or unconsciously, these authors created a female character

witnessed
who witnessed them either as stories of great courage and determination or as monuments to human failure and false hope.

fought
for their jobs to be snatched away, the workers and local union members in the mills fought long and hard to be able to keep the factories open.

attempted
Petitions, protests, rallies, collectivization, and even the takeover of a steel company’s headquarters were all attempted in a desperate movement by those in the industry to preserve the only source of employment

failed
These well-intentioned efforts ultimately failed,

leaving
leaving thousands with shattered dreams and a distinct lack of trust in fellow humankind.

caused
which caused animosity between different small towns in the region,

contributed
all contributed in some way to the failure of the workers and union leaders to save the industry.

affected
Although it affected Youngstown and the surrounding area more than it affected other regions,

survived
the industry barely survived the Depression years.

prohibited
This prohibited strikes and lockout,

making
At the same time, stricter governmental standards for environmental protection and the growth of imported steel were making it harder to produce and market American steel parts,

becoming
Most importantly, Youngstown’s steel mills were slowly becoming less efficient and more expensive.

closed
Between 1977 and 1981, a total of five mills were closed

lost
and approximately 25,000 jobs were lost countywide.

sought
Without the mills, people sought other places of employment in adjoining states or even other areas of the country.

did
Those that could afford to move did so;

ended
those that couldn’t afford to move mostly ended up on the streets.

shrank
Without an industrial or a residential base, commerce shrank considerably.

becoming
It was becoming increasingly clear

given
it was then given to USWA representatives to present to President Carter in Washington.

refused
but they refused to support the local union members.

lost
The petition was lost among paperwork and bureaucratic procedure.

ignored
Here, too, they were ignored.

sit
but sit back

watch
and watch

stayed
The workers stayed there until the next day,

hindered
These attempts to save the mills were hindered by several major factors,

made
which made American steel impossible to sell or export.

invested
Foreign steel companies invested in their factories,

made
made American steel far more expensive.

beginning
On a worldwide scale, newer materials such as aluminum, plastic, and composites were beginning to substitute steel both at home and abroad.

beginning
Steel demand worldwide was beginning to decline,

affected
and it affected both domestic and foreign companies.

flooding
flooding the world market with inferior products

affected
The decline of the world steel market affected not just Youngstown but the entire steel community in America.

spread
that spread throughout the entire industry.

prevented
because it prevented the organizations involved from purchasing the mills to run collectively.

did
but they did little to improve the situation.

did
Without funds to drive the efforts, or even a real plan of action, the Save Our Valley Campaign did more harm than good.

failed
The Campaign failed to save any jobs

happening
what was really happening.

ignored
Rather than try and come up with some sort of scenario, the USWA simply ignored

going
what was going on in Youngstown,

let
and let the local branch fight it out alone.

relocating
or in relocating their business in the area,

missed
In this way the people of the Mahoning Valley missed many opportunities for new industrial or commercial lifeblood because of arbitrary arguments

corrupted
which corrupted solidarity efforts

uprooted
Because of the mills and their conspicuous absence, hundreds of people were uprooted, forced to leave their homes and tightly knit communities.

failed
Even though they eventually failed, the fact

looking
looking around warily.

taken
after she was taken in by Elinor Kirke, a wealthy old woman

chased
"He was being chased by two thugs.”

reject
"I reject your reality

substitute
and substitute it for my own."

entering
and yes, I'm entering my own challenge]

’m
I’m just, uh, going upstairs now!”

changed
The jail-like features suddenly changed to be more comfortable and homey.

felt
I felt myself relax.

played
and played with a string of her curly hair.

getting
“Fame, you are getting out of control.”

predicted
that the weather man predicted rain,

returned
The little boy returned with a clipboard, and on it was a long piece of paper.

was
The creature was the flapping wildly,

moaning
It was moaning,

frowned
The angel frowned.

dressed
Swiftly but silently he dressed, layer after layer, accessory after accessory,

laugh
I laugh at their folly.

turn
Through my cunning did the giants turn against each other.

reveal
only then did I reveal my plot,

picking
he was really picking up the pace now,

was
She was acting defiant.

was
She was wheedling now.

watching
Gianna was watching.

“
the word, “since I was created.

leaves
after she leaves,

breathing
breathing hard,

inspired
At this thought Todd is suddenly inspired.

stands
He stands up straighter

looking
looking for any other evidence.

looking
Todd is also looking around but he can’t see anything but a ball-point pen that’s been crushed.

carrying
who was carrying five soda’s.

“
“Here we go,

got
I got here as soon as I could.”

hideCautious
In the shadows I hideCautious and anxious, I fritter away my timeThen

rises
a glimmer of valor finally rises within meI

fangs
I strikeMy fangs baredThey long to seep in the skin of my preyBefore

hits
my attack hits I ceaseAlas,

greeted
He is finally greeted by a sliver of warmth, and he shivers in relief.

looked
I looked away

came
since I came to Marzark.

making
and he was making me popular.

gladly
I gladly accepted.

im
“im comin home now

pick
as the hands pick him up

carry
and carry him...somewhere.

drifting
He is drifting in and out of consciousness.

flutter
than the rest and his eyes flutter open and catch a glimpse of a girl

realizes
He suddenly realizes

touching
something is touching his leg.

comes
All at once the realization comes,

Found
A Long Lost Memory is Found

makes
His instinct makes him stiffen at the touch of a girl,

lets
He lets his head loll back onto her shoulder,

moaning
and moaning in pleasure.

are
Suddenly her hands are moving downward.

imagining
He is imagining that day long ago when that very special person did the same thing...

crept
A few more hours crept by, one by one, with nothing happening.

listen
and listen to my stomach purr with hunger.

bulging
Eyes bulging in panic, but no screams.

giving
giving the camera a cheesy thumbs-up from a lounge chair on one of those white sandy beaches,

composing
About the time I was composing my last words in my head,

trying
trying not to think too much about what suffocating felt

going
My first thought: I was going crazy.

reserved
(I reserved the right to revise this opinion later.)

done
When I was done mentally exclaiming over my impossible rescue,

looked
I looked around.

found
who was found.

facing
each of us facing the silence of the vacuum,

found
we were found.

introduced
A woman, introduced as Tiffany and neither tall nor beautiful,

working
I was working my way through them.

delivered
Food was delivered to my quarters.

scooping
as I was scooping little round crackers

delivered
if the food delivered to my quarters

setting
later setting a fluted glass of sparkling liquid in front of her.

marveled
I marveled at the robot's smoothness and coordination.

made
He made me a little uncomfortable.

wondered
I wondered at the ship instead.

suspected
I suspected

told
I told myself I should.

smothered
I smothered thoughts of friends back on Earth—this was my long-awaited vacation, my clean break and my temporary retreat;

continued
I continued to care little for shipwide gossip, but our discussions of films and flicks, old and new,

rescued
since I was rescued.

watching
and watching other members of our populace move in circles on the dance floor.

hitting
hitting some threshold or some breaking point.

made
but he made a point of mingling with all the various cliques.

're
“We're revolting,

talking
but he was still talking,

“
“Leaving your wife,

made
More excuses were made,

fixed
then fixed

made
The more I thought about it, the less sense the ship made.

“
“Now that you mention it,

was
he was indisposed.”

hazarded
I hazarded a guess.

trying
she was trying to remember

offered
No one offered a different answer.

did
as it soon did,

dwelt
I dwelt on Adrienne's questions.

posed
The question, previously posed to me,

looked
I looked at Zheng;

kept
I kept track for a while—thirty-eight days—but after that... I guess

left
how or why he left.

went
Or where he went.”

Asphyxiating
Asphyxiating my mind.

upcoming
advertising upcoming on-ship events, such as dance classes, craft sessions, and discussion groups, and a list of dinner invitations

balanced
In one hand I balanced my plate of star-shaped crackers, globs of elegant dips and garnishes, little rolled balls of meats and cheeses

let
but obediently let me pull her along.

informed
that informed me, quite clearly, of her current opinion of me.

coming
I was just coming up on a corner

going
going well.

wondered
I wondered

contributed
The stillness of the room contributed,

did
as did the view.

born
we were born.

Thinking
Thinking about that,

wondered
I wondered

made
He made this ship—this life—a constant.

die
until I die.”

thought
Life boats, I thought.

transmits
the Postal Rate Commission hereby transmits its report on the scope of existing authority of the United States Postal Service under current postal laws and regulations to introduce new products and services

codified
was codified as part of Title 39.3

determined
The Commission determined almost twenty years ago

proposed
proposed in the Service's petition,

requested
The Postal Service's innovative Mailing Online service, for which a three-year experimental trial was requested and approved in Docket No.

denied
denied, 446 U.S. 957 (1980).

doubts
Other commenters-including the Commission's Office of Consumer Advocate-expressed doubts regarding the legal soundness of one or both of the proposed variants of such agreements.

deferred
In the Commission's Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, it deferred consideration of the NSA proposal,

citing
citing legal uncertainty

approved
and ultimately approved a request to make the experimental program a permanent mail classification.17 More recently, in Docket No.

negotiating
three new worksharing-based discounted Priority Mail categories after negotiating with mailers

recommended
Examples of "niche classification" proposals recommended in recent Commission proceedings, and Postal Service product innovations

approved
• Procedural history: Market test of same service approved by PRC in Docket No.

provided
upon which financial assistance was provided."

killing
and my despair is killing me.

made
where they made unleavened bread,

born
14. Jesus was born

gets
A pregnant Irish woman from Dublin gets in a car accident

sees
she sees

Ma'am
"Ma'am you had twins!

thinks
The woman thinks to herself, "Oh No, not my brother...

occurred
Ireland's worst air disaster occurred today

hit
she was hit in the eye

operating
operating the boat.

having
that I am having a heart attack.

having
I'm having a heart attack.

walks
A woman walks into a vet's waiting room.

dragging
She's dragging a very wet rabbit on a leash.

said
"I said sit, now there's a good Fluffy,"

starts
Fluffy then starts a fight with a Doberman

pursues
and pursues it out of the office.

leaves
As the woman leaves to go after it,

losing
losing it in the tall grass.

decided
so decided to call it a day.

invested
I invested that nickel in an apple.

startled
when he was startled

seeking
seeking a suitable place to raise his rabbits.

got
where he got such fresh rabbits.

GOING
"I'M GOING FISHING":

swim
while the fish swim by in complete safety."

kissed
I ever kissed and the vehicle identification numbers of every car

forgot
but I forgot your birthday."

None
AND GOT YOU THESE ROSES"

HEARD
"I HEARD YOU"

writing
I am writing to thank you for bouncing the cheque

endeavoured
with which I endeavoured to pay my plumber last month.

restructuring
for I am restructuring my affairs in 2000,

taking
while these exchanges were actually taking place:

making
I am making lot$ of friend$ and $tudying very hard.

emphasize
In light of Secretary of State Albright's imminent trip to the middle east, the New York Times , Los Angeles Times and Washington Post emphasize the deteriorating situation there.

emphasizes
The Times emphasizes the larger geopolitical context.

fueled
fueled

shifting
"In the U.S. job market, the balance of power is shifting to employees from employers,"

spinning
Much of the continuing Diana coverage is spinning off into the realm of meta- and meta-meta-pieces.

examines
The LAT , for instance, examines

run
But USAT and the WP also each run pretty newsy Diana pieces as well.

reveal
Both reveal

leads
USA Today leads with Texas' settlement of its product-liability lawsuit against the leading tobacco companies.

makes
That makes Texas the third state to settle such a case, joining Florida and Mississippi.

helps
that this last stat helps explain

raises
(Which raises the question: Hasn't technology progressed to a point

cheek-by-jowl
cheek-by-jowl on the WP 's Page A6 provides an interesting snapshot of the life of the modern Cabinet officer:

were
in which people's biological clocks were reset three hours by shining a bright light on the back of their knees.

picks
picks up that ball

runs
and runs with it, with a lengthy discourse on the new PJ.

going
all this work is going into making Paula Jones seem a certain someone,

treating
and treating Clinton's familiar defenses as the lies and half-lies

played
played a crucial role in discrediting Flowers and anyone

did
Stephanopoulos did as much as any man to get the country into the mess

laments
he now so telegenically laments.

correcting
correcting Donaldson's deviation from the pre-scripted fudge-phrase of the day.

claim
(Today, of course, the president's defenders claim

gets
Near the end of The War Room, Stephanopoulos gets a call from someone

claims
who apparently claims to have a list of Clinton paramours,

employed
employed by Maureen Dowd in today's New York Times .

wreaked
wreaked by Sen. Joe McCarthy, without any apology for his own role.

cashing
Stephanopoulos is cashing in without even going through the minimal motions of holding himself accountable for misleading the country.

murdered
Last week, a 70-year-old Palestinian real-estate dealer was murdered

making
making the sale of Arab-owned land to Jews a capital crime.

integrated
Most integrated into multiethnic communities in the cities of Jaffa, Tiberias, and Jerusalem.

Extolling
Extolling the virtues of manual labor,

amended
The Jewish National Fund's charter was amended to mandate

forcing
of life, forcing them to move from rural Palestine to crowded cities in search of work.

decreed
In 1934 Jerusalem's mufti, the spiritual leader of the city's Muslims, decreed

benefited
that the land purchases benefited all the territory's residents.

forced
or were forced from their homes by the Israeli army (another long-standing controversy),

taken
was also taken over by individual Jews

confiscated
or confiscated by the government.

retained
retained their land,

compares
One popular theory compares Zionism's imperative to acquire land to the American idea of Manifest Destiny (that it was the United States' God-given right to rule from coast to coast).

executed
that the murdered real-estate dealer was executed by plainclothes Palestinian Authority police.

banning
banning the abortion of "viable fetuses."

made
made fetal viability an important legal concept .

defined
The court defined viable to mean capable of prolonged life outside the mother's womb.

made
(1992), which made viability even more important.

say
Pro-choicers say

launching
IFAW’ P.O. Box I 93 Yarmouth Port, MA 02615-01 ‘www.lfaw.org IFAW is now launching our year

born
where 29 calves were born this year or our partnership with Future Generations to save vital habitat for moon bears, bengal tigers and other animals, or our response to move orphaned lions to 500 acres of protected African bush

accepting
accepting this special invitation to join National Wildlife Federation as our newest member.

doing
that you are doing your part to help save our wildlife heritage,

doing
what NWF is doing to find solutions to these problems.

reintroducing
Building on our success of reintroducing the gray wolves to Yellowstone National Park by expanding gray wolf recovery into suitable habitat in the United States.

shivering
shivering with fear, with no place to call home.

closed
that closed thousands of square miles to U.S. longline fishing because of its threat to the survival of Pacific leatherback sea turtles.

helped
helped create National Marine Sanctuaries critical to the survival of marine wildlife -- from endangered manatees in the Florida Keys, to humpback whales off New England’s Stellwagen Bank, to sea otters in California’s Monterey Bay.

go
But before you go out

make
and make any major purchases,

comes
A significant promise comes with your enclosed personalized address labels,

see
You see,

mounting
These enemies of conservation are mounting an intensive effort to weaken the Endangered Species Act ... and our ability to protect threatened and endangered species.

highlights
The enclosed copy of Wildlife Watch highlights

’re
we’re currently conducting for wildlife ... and the challenges

provides
But best of all, your membership provides you with an opportunity to make a real, personal difference in the world we all share.

hear
As soon as we hear from you by return mail

receive
and receive your $15 membership gift,

’m
And why I’m writing you today to ask you to renew your support for the pivotal year ahead.

becoming
and becoming a member of World Wildlife Funds prestigious Living Planet Society.

’re
We’re now creating model projects in 25 of these high-priority areas

establishes
For instance, our innovative “Forests for Life Campaign” establishes an international network of parks and reserves.

doing
doing to preserve our endangered wildlife!

raises
The acquisition of 87-store Weisfield's raises Ratners's U.S. presence to 450 stores.

examined
Valley Federal is currently being examined by regulators.

continue
New loans continue to slow;

paying
Sony is paying $27 a share, or $3.55 billion, cash

assuming
and is assuming $1.4 billion of long-term debt.

told
Xerox Corp. has told employees in its Crum & Forster personal insurance operations

offering
In addition, Upjohn is offering a one-time retirement bonus equal to six months of base pay.

estimated
Upjohn further estimated

reflecting
reflecting restructuring costs as well as a more difficult pet food market.

hurt
its Eveready battery unit was hurt by continuing economic problems in South America.

delivered
delivered by government and private security experts at an all-day conference on corporate electronic espionage.

retrieved
but that the information was later retrieved

provided
W. Mark Goode, president of Micronyx Inc., a Richardson, Texas, firm that makes computer-security products, provided a new definition for Mikhail Gorbachev's campaign for greater openness,

got
because they got the contract.

winning
who is winning the drug war in Latin America,

losing
who's losing it -- the press.

trying
trying to prevent their takeover of the country.

attending
attending the 45th general assembly of the Inter-American Press Association in Monterrey, Mexico, this week.

shot
The paper's local administrator, Maria Luz Lopez, was shot dead,

stopped
while her car was stopped for a red light.

comes
This comes from a man

made
"While some advances are being made in nations throughout the hemisphere,

bullying
but also is bullying the press as never before.

mean
engaged in the drug trade mean

None
Rodgers and colleagues used data from the WHO database for 26 risk factors and from 14 epidemiological subregions of the world to calculate the proportion of risk-factor-attributable disease burden in different population subgroups

None
for example—the leading risk factor for global loss of healthy life—they found

None
The analysis confirms—and extends to a global level—previous research

None
were harvested: a) from excised lung at the time of lung transplantation

None
HF-NL were cultured from five human lungs

None
The cells were harvested and cultured as per the protocol

None
The procedure was repeated twice,

None
and the supernatants were pooled

None
and cultured in one 100 mm plate

None
and frozen at -70°C. For each experiment

None
Inducible cyclooxygenase (COX)-2 expression and eicosanoid production COX-2 activity was determined by measuring PGE 2 , 6-keto-PGF 1α

None
and fresh media containing 30 μM of arachidonic acid was added to the plates.

None
which were used for RNA and protein extractions, respectively.

None
The above experiments were repeated in HF-IPF

None
2) using serum free media conditions.

None
Prostanoids were measured by modified stable isotope dilution assays

None
that used gas chromatography-negative ion-chemical ionization mass spectrometry as previously described [ 23 ] .

None
Briefly, deuterium-labeled internal standards of PGE 2 , PGF 2α , TXB 2 , and 6-keto-PGF 1α were added to the supernatants with isopropyl alcohol.

None
Isopropyl alcohol was removed by evaporation under nitrogen.

None
(Fisher Scientific, Fair Lawn, NJ), and eluted with ethyl acetate.

None
After evaporation of reagents, the residue was subjected to TLC plates,

None
using the solvent system chloroform/ethanol

None
The methoxime derivative of TXB 2 , PGE 2 and 6-keto-PGF 1α was made by treatment with 2% methoxamine hydrochloride in pyridine at 70°C for 60 min,

None
Eicosanoids were quantified by measuring the ratio of the intensity of ions m/z 569/573 for PGF 2α , m/z 614/618 for TXB 2 and 6-keto-PGF 1α ,

None
An analytical blank for each of these products was determined by measuring the amount of nondeuterated material,

None
After washing with PBS at pH 7.4, pellets were lyzed in solubilization buffer

None
sonicated,

None
Equal amounts of protein (70 to 100 μg) were separated by electrophoresis.

None
The filters were washed (TBS-0.1% Tween 20 at pH 7.6)

None
and incubated with horseradish peroxidase linked secondary antibodies at a dilution 1:4000 (Amersham).

None
Cell pellets were lyzed

None
RNA was quantified by determining light absorbance at 260 nm

None
and then fractioned by electrophoresis (10 μg per lane) on a 1% agarose MOPS/formaldehyde gel.

None
The RNA was denatured prior to loading by incubating the RNA at 65°C for 10 min in a loading buffer

None
and then fixed to the membrane by UV crosslinking (Stratalinker 1200 μj/cm 2).

None
The COX-2 probe was random primed following the directions of the manufacturer (Megaprime ®, Amersham/Pharmacia).

None
Comparisons between HF-IPF and HF-NL were done using the Mann-Whitney test.

None
which decreased (0.75 [0.15-2.58] ng/10 6cells/30 min at baseline versus 0.61 [0.21-1.64] ng/10 6cells/30 min with IL-1β stimulation) (Fig.

None
this difference became statistically significant.

None
that both COX-2 protein expression and PGE 2 production were upregulated to a similar degree in IPF and normal lung fibroblasts.

None
20 ] found

None
in that a different stimulus was used.

made
where they were made.

buy
before you buy here.

designed
The 72-par course was designed by Dave Thomas.

created
Jung created some of the best known psychological concepts,

made
and made this religiousness the focus of his explorations.

led
Jung's interest in philosophy and the occult led many to view him as a mystic,

growing
but the tension between his parents was growing.

left
Jung's mother left Laufen for several months of hospitalization near Basel for an unknown physical ailment.

brought
but he was later brought back to his father's residence.

contributed
it contributed to his sometimes patriarchal views of women,

called
he was called to Kleinhüningen in 1879.

suspected
They suspected

Confronted
Confronted with the reality of his family's poverty,

realized
he realized the need for academic excellence.

was
"was when I learned

celebrated
and it was celebrated as the people's avenger by supporters of the Revolution and vilified as the pre-eminent symbol of the Reign of Terror by opponents.

used
when the Halifax Gibbet was first used;

used
It was used for the last time, for the execution of two criminals on a single day, on 30 April 1650.

decapitated
and he was decapitated by equipment

researched
the National Assembly researched a new method to be used on all condemned people regardless of class.

contributed
Their concerns contributed to the idea

executed
He was executed in front of what is now the city hall of Paris (Place de l'hôtel de ville).

executed
executed clergy,

prohibited
prohibited the publication of most religious material

persecuted
and persecuted some members of religious groups.

persecuted
that only up to 500,000 Russian Orthodox Christians were persecuted by the Soviet government,

nationalised
The government nationalised most property

used
of religious institutions and used it for non-religious purposes.

banned
Religious literature was banned.

tried
Many clergy and theists were tried, tortured, and executed.

banned
that ever officially banned religion.

born
*Richard Dawkins (born 1941), English biologist, one of the "four horsemen" of New Atheism.

born
(born 1969), American sociologist.

used
The term "balabaika" was widely used in Ukrainian language documents from 1717 to 1732.

According
According to one theory, the term was loaned to Russian,

came
that is came from the Domra, an instrument from the Caucasus region of Russia.

mention
Further documents from 1700 and 1714 also mention the instrument.

opposed
Edmund Burke, an 18th-century politician who opposed the French Revolution

credited
but supported the American Revolution, is credited as one of the main theorists of conservatism in Great Britain in the 1790s.

written
but written before the English Civil War of 1642-1651,

derived
This new generation of conservatives derived their politics not from Burke but from his predecessor, the Viscount Bolingbroke

opposed
Although conservatives opposed attempts to allow greater representation of the middle class in parliament, in 1834

promised
and promised to support further reforms so long as they did not erode the institutions of church and state.

leading
leading to joblessness and poverty, racial segregation

leading
leading to the formation of black "street clubs" by young African American men

excluded
who were excluded from organizations such as the Boy Scouts, and the waning of black nationalist organizations such as the Black Panther Party and the Black Power Movement.

chosen
Cribs was chosen to reflect the young age of the majority of the gang members.

formed
or formed for a community agenda,

worn
that a blue bandana was first worn by Crips founding member Buddha, as a part of his color-coordinated clothing of blue Levi's, a blue shirt, and dark blue suspenders.

worn
A blue bandana was worn in tribute to Buddha

shot
after he was shot and killed on February 23, 1973,

increased
As a result of these two factors, Crips membership increased throughout the 1980s,

making
making it one of the largest street gang associations in the country.

spreading
spreading south into what is now known as Mesoamerica and north to what is now the southwestern United States.

found
This evidence was found in the Guilá Naquitz cave in Oaxaca, Mexico, during a series of excavations in the 1960s and 1970s,

beginning
possibly beginning in 1959.

found
Solid evidence of domesticated C. pepo was found in the Guilá Naquitz cave in the form of increasing rind thickness and larger peduncles in the newer stratification layers of the cave.

increased
During the same time frame, average rind thickness increased from to .

domesticated
Squash was domesticated first, followed by maize and then beans,

becoming
becoming part of the Three Sisters agricultural system of companion planting.

documented
which was documented by Roger Williams, the founder of Rhode Island, in his 1643 publication A Key Into the Language of America.

organized
The North Taiga band was organized under the Qing Dynasty from 1755-1912 as part of Toja or Uriyankhai banner.

annexed
which was soon annexed by the Russians in 1944,

leaving
leaving only North Taiga band on the Mongolian side of the frontier.

imparted
This imparted a touch of "culture" to the sitter, hence the many tintype, ambrotype, etc. images of men and women, with their hands poised over "Flutinas",

made
It was made by Pichenot Jeune

copied
that the first accordion was copied from a Demian instrument,

„
1837, an advertisement in the musical news paper „LE MENESTREL“ of M. Reisner, selling accordions.

codified
Gaelic football was first codified in 1887,

allowed
The Statute of Galway of 1527 allowed the playing of "foot balle" and archery

banned
but banned

banned
However even "foot-ball" was banned by the severe Sunday Observance Act of 1695,

proved
It proved difficult, if not impossible, for the authorities to enforce the Act and the earliest recorded inter-county match in Ireland was one between Louth and Meath, at Slane, in 1712,

distributed
and distributed widely.

adapted
which was adapted by other clubs in the city.

set
Of all the Irish pastimes the GAA set out to preserve and promote,

representing
(representing County Limerick)

killed
14 people were killed

injured
and 65 were injured.

mentioned
As previously mentioned

lived
that lived to the age of 62.

born
who was born in 1848.

estimated
and his peak weight was estimated at 1,500 kilograms (3,300 lb).

sequenced
The horse genome was sequenced in 2007.

survived
but it survived in forms of regional assemblies, such as the Icelandic Commonwealth, the Swiss Landsgemeinde and later Tagsatzung,

developed
The former was developed by members of the missionary organization

developed
The Latin-based orthography was developed by Moges Yigezu of Addis Ababa University.

commissioned
although the latest report commissioned

implemented
The most ambitious of these is already being implemented by the state-run Ethiopian Sugar Corporation on land

taken
either taken from the Omo National Park

proposed
was proposed by the French psychologist and epistemologist Victor Egger as a result of discussions in the 1890s among philosophers and psychologists

experienced
that 60% experienced stage 1

experienced
(feelings of peace and contentment), but only 10% experienced stage 5

found
also found

labeled
they were erroneously labeled pacu.

needed
One toddler needed surgery after a pacu

provides
Heather Candelaria provides a recipe and preparation instructions on the Greater Seattle Aquarium Society's Web site.

found
In 2013, a pacu specimen was found by a fisherman in Denmark.

used
Soon after this spread, the full 52-card English deck was used

added
The draw was added prior to 1850

mentioned
(when it was first mentioned in print in a handbook of games).

featured
For example, it was featured in at least 10 episodes of Star Trek: The Next Generation as a weekly event of the senior staff of the fictional ship's crew.

notably
In the 1990s, poker and casino gambling spread across the United States, most notably to Atlantic City, New Jersey.

won
Also in world series of poker 2003 Chris Moneymaker who was an accountant and not a professional poker player won the main event of the world series.

originated
which originated with the Protestant Reformation, a movement against what its followers considered to be errors in the Roman Catholic Church.

spread
Lutheranism spread from Germany into its surrounding areas, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Prussia, Latvia, and Estonia, as well as other smaller territories.

made
made to Lutherans three years earlier,

beginning
Others, beginning with the Polish Brethren

used
The Latin word psychologia was first used by the Croatian humanist and Latinist Marko Marulić in his book, Psichiologia de ratione animae humanae in the late 15th century or early 16th century.

covered
covered the workings of the mind in their writings.

influenced
and was heavily influenced by the work of the American philosopher, scientist, and psychologist William James.

termed
that was later termed "classical conditioning"

established
that was established in the early 20th century by John B. Watson,

was
Sax's claim to have invented the instrument was hotly contested by other brass instrument makers during his lifetime, leading to various lawsuits.

listed
Whorled sunflowers, Helianthus verticillatus, were listed as an endangered species in 2014

used
used by Josephus for the kingdoms of Israel and Judah.

coined
It was first coined by Josephus Flavius in the first century A.D. to describe the characteristic government for Jews.

recognized
In 1929, the State of Vatican City was formally recognized as an independent state through treaties with the Italian government.

