tinkered
All around me, college students and bike punks tinkered with their machines.

working
and am working to get this fixed.

sees
When the parser sees the '+',

sees
When the parser sees the '+',

characterize
While both stories each characterize Madame White Snake fairly consistently within their narratives,

causes
but she also causes him to find trouble with the law

deceives
and deceives him about her supernatural nature.

makes
makes readers more sympathetic to Madame White Snake’s plight.

angering
angering workers

driving
and driving productivity and laborer morale down.

making
At the same time, stricter governmental standards for environmental protection and the growth of imported steel were making it harder to produce and market American steel parts,

invested
Foreign steel companies invested in their factories,

flooding
flooding the world market with inferior products

spread
that spread throughout the entire industry.

driving
driving them forward to confront steel companies and owners

employed
Marches, speeches, and letter writing were all employed to help stimulate the Campaign

missed
In this way the people of the Mahoning Valley missed many opportunities for new industrial or commercial lifeblood because of arbitrary arguments

uttered
and occasionally it uttered a lamenting phrase in some incomprehensible language,

picking
he was really picking up the pace now,

pick
as the hands pick him up

awakens
He awakens in water.

realizes
He suddenly realizes

comes
All at once the realization comes,

lets
He lets his head loll back onto her shoulder,

transmits
the Postal Rate Commission hereby transmits its report on the scope of existing authority of the United States Postal Service under current postal laws and regulations to introduce new products and services

made
where they made unleavened bread,

kissed
I ever kissed and the vehicle identification numbers of every car

taken
was also taken over by individual Jews

confiscated
or confiscated by the government.

launching
IFAW’ P.O. Box I 93 Yarmouth Port, MA 02615-01 ‘www.lfaw.org IFAW is now launching our year

doing
that you are doing your part to help save our wildlife heritage,

doing
what NWF is doing to find solutions to these problems.

go
But before you go out

make
and make any major purchases,

’re
we’re currently conducting for wildlife ... and the challenges

establishes
For instance, our innovative “Forests for Life Campaign” establishes an international network of parks and reserves.

doing
doing to preserve our endangered wildlife!

delivered
delivered by government and private security experts at an all-day conference on corporate electronic espionage.

bullying
but also is bullying the press as never before.

None
Rodgers and colleagues used data from the WHO database for 26 risk factors and from 14 epidemiological subregions of the world to calculate the proportion of risk-factor-attributable disease burden in different population subgroups

None
using the solvent system chloroform/ethanol

begin
Before you begin shopping,

buy
before you buy here.

put
or put them into secular use (as museums of religion and atheism, clubs or storage facilities),

used
of religious institutions and used it for non-religious purposes.

discounted
Williams discounted the sometimes cited founding date of 1969 in his memoir, Blue Rage, Black Redemption.

sparking
sparking disputes with non-Crip gangs,

provides
Heather Candelaria provides a recipe and preparation instructions on the Greater Seattle Aquarium Society's Web site.

