been
my mom and aunt have been seed bombing for years.

do
Actually, I do that, too.

enjoy
and enjoy my thoughts

made
made from scratch, sassy and scrumptious.

hawks
where Tupelo Honey Cafe hawks their homestyle wares: preserves, pickles, salsa, honey, t-shirts, aprons and all sorts of mini-advertisements for the restaurant.

produced
or if it's produced locally.

ride
when Andrew would ride around town

do
what you do,"

pitch
In bygone times, the whole town of North Truro would pitch in on haying days; now, David's on his own.

intended
(pun intended), they just keep coming back to life.

occur
in which the elements occur, e.g. <h1>, or .

works
Mathematica's parsing, which works in a manner similar to what Bruce describes,

passed
The plugin is passed mouse events

sort
In essence we sort the operator precedence reduction rules into a sequence

passed
In fact, “More rail cars passed under the Center Street Bridge [a major bridge in Youngstown] per day than any other location in the country.”

express
In some instances, small companies would express interest in helping the movement

having
when people were having their broken bones set,

heal
so they would heal properly.

was
unless it was an emergency,

“
“I don’t treat animals,

was
when she was nervous.

was
She was always at her bedroom window.

sit
“I sit around

Whatever
Whatever you say.”

Whatever
Whatever I say.”

was
Tom always was a jealous prick,

wake
I would wake late,

join
I would join the rest of the ship for meals,

take
and I would take my turn in the weight room.

watch
I would watch old films on the entertainment screens,

immerse
I would immerse myself in new virtual reality flicks.

attend
I would attend afternoon dance classes,

ask
I did not ask questions.

Gathering
Gathering for drinks in the parlors,

saved
or why he saved some people but not others.

see
But we see new faces.”

notice
“Of course we notice.

None
But... well, no one important ever disappears,

passes
“Time passes in a weird way here.

treated
how many people it treated.

takes
it takes the edge off.”

did
Maybe everything we did,

hid
because we all hid behind the stories,

do
All these things I do,

establish
in which the Governors of the Postal Service establish,

filed
Over the past 25 years, the Postal Service has filed many such mail classification requests with the Commission,

carried
that activities under this title are carried out in a manner consistent with attorneys' professional responsibilities."

conduct
what activities OCE will conduct,

notify
As such, OCE will notify the recipient

propose
3. Use of Intermediaries: In all written and oral communications with recipients, OCE will affirmatively propose

encourage
During on-site visits, OCE will affirmatively encourage recipients to use such intermediaries

notify
Upon receipt of this notice, OCE will so notify the Vice President for Administration

seek
and seek to find a mutually satisfactory manner for obtaining access to the information consistent with the applicable rules of attorney-client privilege and professional responsibility and consistent with LSC's need for information to ensure compliance.

advise
it will, through the Vice President for Administration, promptly so advise LSC's President and the Vice Presidents for Programs, Legal Affairs and Government Relations of the access issues

notify
then LSC will so notify the recipient in writing

proceed
and OCE will proceed with the review.

seek
then OCE will further seek to develop a mutually satisfactory manner for obtaining access to the information consistent with the applicable rules of attorney-client privilege and professional responsibility and consistent with LSC's need for information to ensure compliance.

feel
Every day I feel incredibly run down and tired.

look
"Yes, and then I look at the clock,

go
and go back to sleep for another four hours."

opens
nothing opens here on a Sunday."

have
They would have golfing privileges everyday and each week the course changed to a new one

play
you play for free."

imagined
here than I ever imagined,"

expected
than I ever expected.

do
And the only thing we do, all day long,

SHARE
"WE SHARE THE HOUSEWORK"

confronted
I am confronted by the impersonal, ever-changing, pre-recorded, faceless entity

arrive
but will arrive at your bank,

answered
and will be answered by an automated voice.

guided
By pressing Buttons on the phone, he/she will be guided through an extensive set of menus:

received
the call is received.

received
the call is received.

received
the call is received.

put
1 to 25 The contact will then be put on hold, pending the attention of my automated answering service.

play
While this may on occasion involve a lengthy wait, uplifting music will play for the duration.

billed
Enquiries from your nominated contact will be billed at $5 per minute of my time

runs
My new phone service runs at 75 cents a minute

seen
Freddy had never seen a plate of Jell-O.

have
"Every day I have to blow the whistle at noon

wonder
When Democrats wonder

None
rebound too quickly in our celebrity culture.

performed
Less than one percent of all abortions performed take place after the 21 st week.

save
your donations do save lives.

delivered
delivered with a picture as bright and as sharp

gives
Quick and concise, an on-screen information banner automatically gives you the who,

oppose
who oppose all efforts at commonsense environmental protection.

helps
With its spectacular, full-color photographs, compelling features and updates on the important work your membership helps us to accomplish,

enjoy
and enjoy a new issue of NATIONAL WILDLIFP every other month.

goes
just how NWF goes about safeguarding them with your help.

provides
that provides just 1.125 cents a share for common stockholders.

influence
that influence cities all over the world.

crowded
and on weekends the ferries to Macau are crowded with people on their way to the casinos.

provide
Hong Kong’s other, less developed islands, Lantau, Lamma, and Cheung Chau, provide getaways.

caters
which caters to local shopping.

shown
More than 200 films from all over the world are shown at this two-week event.

including
Larger arenas, including the Queen Elizabeth Stadium, the Hong Kong Coliseum, and the Ko Shan Theater in Kowloon play host to various concerts, pop concerts, sporting events, and variety shows.

offers
Under its conductor, David Atherton, it offers Western classical works and new works by Chinese composers in a September-to-June season.

perform
The two leading local troupes, the Chung Ying Theatre Company and the Hong Kong Repertory Theatre, perform in Cantonese;

presented
presented by international artists at the Jazz Club and Bar, 2/F, 34-36 D’Agular, Central; and at the Blue Note in the Kowloon Shangri-La Hotel in Tsim Sha Tsui.

including
usually including dinner and dancing on board an air-conditioned floating nightclub.

take
Many Hong Kong residents and visitors take the express train to Guangzhou to play at the Guangzhou Luhu Golf and Country Club (Tel. 2317 1933 in Hong Kong or 020-8350 7777).

offers
HKTA offers lessons in these exercises

maintains
and Hong Kong maintains two tracks — the older Happy Valley course on Hong Kong Island and the striking Sha Tin track in the New Territories.

runs
The Hong Kong Tourist Association runs a “Come Horseracing Tour,

held
The Hong Kong International Cricket Series, held in late September,

has
while the nearby Space Museum has regular screenings on an enormous Omnimax screen in its Space Theater,

used
The term may be used to describe opposition to organized religion,

disrespected
The letter "b" in the word "blood" will be "disrespected" among certain sets

avoided
will be avoided and substituted with a double "cc",

replaced
and the letter "b" will be replaced.

written
will instead be written as "kicc bkacc".

run
The All-Ireland Senior Championship is run

rub
"He'd rub his body on your arms, kind of like a dog."

used
which refers to the gospel, was much more widely used for those involved in the religious movement.

