kept
Today, I kept it simple.

dealing
dealing with the camera and the car window,

did
(I did).

accomplished
But my actions accomplished something today.

going
and going to Vietnam.

Loved
Loved this!

did
My wife and I did this

cam
post i cam across:

None
Tried/shared/re-tweeted, with pleasure!

exceeded
-- an event that exceeded all expectations

cost
but it cost money,

grown
but little of it was grown on the Cape.

turns
she was literally raised by wolves turns out to be just a regular, if depressed, person.

given
and how she was given her first gun as a birthday present

said
"Sarah McGrath, the editor at Riverhead who worked with Ms. Seltzer for three years on the book, said

appered
that appered in TimeOut New York about matters of race in publishing.

read
Comment #1, by carleen I read that article in the Times

thought
and IMMEDIATELY thought

thought
But then I thought,

wonder
Comment #3, by Sarah Schulman I wonder

wonder
Comment #4, by Sarah Schulman I wonder

led
But then the Anne Rice -led revival brought it back (technically the 1st  book, Interview with the Vampire ,  was

greenlighting
Somebody at AMC is greenlighting The Walking Dead based partly on historical evidence

inspired
This post was inspired by a recent post by Grant McCracken .

consider
that we consider (again) the model of TeX and the Computer Modern fonts.

borrowed
that the HTML 3.0 proposal borrowed from LaTeX and TeX.

suggests
The current inability to call the browser to handle such nested tags suggests

made
e.g. Fibonacci's formula instead of equation 1.13 --this made listening to cross-referenced material easier.

look
as we look at issues now.

stopped
Insofar as the work of the ISO 12083 Math Committee stopped short of recommending ways to handle "semantic" aspects of math markup,

recognizing
recognizing

pushing
that WRI is pushing a standard of its own.

attended
As an aside: at the SGML Europe'96 conference Roy Pike attended the meeting of the committee responsible for ISO 12083,

sees
it sees

sees
it sees

depict
In both incarnations of Madame White snake, the authors depict her as bewitchingly beautiful.

follows
In “Eternal Prisoner,” Madame White Snake’s bewitching beauty follows her lover Hsü into his dreams,

align
Both of these stories align negative connotations with her beauty,

uncovered
In both stories, Madame White Snake’s secret is uncovered

becomes
Her husband becomes a monk,

implicates
and this further implicates Lady White Snake, this time from a Buddhist perspective.

“
“I searched everywhere, and now

forgetting
completely forgetting the love

ends
However, no matter how much sympathy Madame White Snake may gather from readers, the story still ends with her

watching
from watching the transgressions themselves.

fought
for their jobs to be snatched away, the workers and local union members in the mills fought long and hard to be able to keep the factories open.

failed
These well-intentioned efforts ultimately failed,

examining
When examining the area’s history, culture, and economic situation

affected
Although it affected Youngstown and the surrounding area more than it affected other regions,

survived
the industry barely survived the Depression years.

prohibited
This prohibited strikes and lockout,

sought
Without the mills, people sought other places of employment in adjoining states or even other areas of the country.

did
Those that could afford to move did so;

ended
those that couldn’t afford to move mostly ended up on the streets.

lost
The petition was lost among paperwork and bureaucratic procedure.

ignored
Here, too, they were ignored.

sit
but sit back

watch
and watch

stayed
The workers stayed there until the next day,

hindered
These attempts to save the mills were hindered by several major factors,

beginning
In fact, American steel imports were beginning to outweigh exports.

made
made American steel far more expensive.

affected
The decline of the world steel market affected not just Youngstown but the entire steel community in America.

bogged
But the Campaign was bogged down heavily by the lack of proper funding.

prevented
because it prevented the organizations involved from purchasing the mills to run collectively.

did
but they did little to improve the situation.

did
Without funds to drive the efforts, or even a real plan of action, the Save Our Valley Campaign did more harm than good.

failed
The Campaign failed to save any jobs

ignored
Rather than try and come up with some sort of scenario, the USWA simply ignored

corrupted
which corrupted solidarity efforts

substitute
and substitute it for my own."

’m
I’m just, uh, going upstairs now!”

felt
I felt myself relax.

played
and played with a string of her curly hair.

slowed
for the tree slowed its fall enough

moaning
It was moaning,

dressed
Swiftly but silently he dressed, layer after layer, accessory after accessory,

turn
Through my cunning did the giants turn against each other.

burned
It burned,

watching
Gianna was watching.

inspired
At this thought Todd is suddenly inspired.

looking
looking for any other evidence.

looking
Todd is also looking around but he can’t see anything but a ball-point pen that’s been crushed.

looked
Gia looked around the room,

hideCautious
In the shadows I hideCautious and anxious, I fritter away my timeThen

falls
He falls exhausted to the ground

driving
driving by and he lifts an arm uselessly. ”

looked
and looked at my recent call list to see

called
and called Jueli.

flutter
than the rest and his eyes flutter open and catch a glimpse of a girl

Found
A Long Lost Memory is Found

bulging
Eyes bulging in panic, but no screams.

giving
giving the camera a cheesy thumbs-up from a lounge chair on one of those white sandy beaches,

trying
trying not to think too much about what suffocating felt

accompanying
And accompanying the bell,

reserved
(I reserved the right to revise this opinion later.)

done
When I was done mentally exclaiming over my impossible rescue,

found
who was found.

facing
each of us facing the silence of the vacuum,

shrugged
shrugged.

delivered
if the food delivered to my quarters

settled
By the end of the evening, when I finally followed the slow trickle of people out of the room, a satisfying haze had settled on my mind.

smothered
I smothered thoughts of friends back on Earth—this was my long-awaited vacation, my clean break and my temporary retreat;

rescued
since I was rescued.

leaning
leaning back in his chair with his glass of wine.

're
“We're revolting,

looked
He looked from Sarah, to Adrienne, to Zheng, to Kishori and Tiffany, to me.

talking
but he was still talking,

“
“Leaving your wife,

broke
Some vital part broke, and... well, boom.

made
The more I thought about it, the less sense the ship made.

“
“Now that you mention it,

was
he was indisposed.”

focused
Adrienne focused on Zheng.

trying
she was trying to remember

contradicted
No one contradicted her.

offered
No one offered a different answer.

dwelt
I dwelt on Adrienne's questions.

kept
I kept track for a while—thirty-eight days—but after that... I guess

left
how or why he left.

went
Or where he went.”

leaning
leaning forward with his elbows on his knees and an intense, steady gaze.

Asphyxiating
Asphyxiating my mind.

upcoming
advertising upcoming on-ship events, such as dance classes, craft sessions, and discussion groups, and a list of dinner invitations

sat
after we sat,

informed
that informed me, quite clearly, of her current opinion of me.

gleaned
gleaned from our previous dinner conversations,

coming
I was just coming up on a corner

going
going well.

wondered
I wondered

contributed
The stillness of the room contributed,

wondered
I wondered

die
until I die.”

thought
Life boats, I thought.

directed
BACKGROUND AND SCOPE OF ANALYSIS In joint deliberations on appropriations for the United States Postal Service and certain other agencies and departments for Fiscal Year 2002, the committee of conference directed both the Postal Service and the Postal Rate Commission to prepare reports on particular areas of the Postal Service's authority under existing law.1 Specifically,

Opinion
MC73-1, Phase I, Opinion and Recommended Decision, April 15, 1976; accepted in Decision of the Governors of the United States Postal Service on Establishing a Mail Classification Schedule, June 2, 1976.

proposed
proposed in the Service's petition,

doubts
Other commenters-including the Commission's Office of Consumer Advocate-expressed doubts regarding the legal soundness of one or both of the proposed variants of such agreements.

deferred
In the Commission's Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, it deferred consideration of the NSA proposal,

citing
citing legal uncertainty

recommended
Examples of "niche classification" proposals recommended in recent Commission proceedings, and Postal Service product innovations

filed
Postal Service Request for extension of experiment filed in Docket No.

approved
• Procedural history: Market test of same service approved by PRC in Docket No.

got
casually dressed in jeans and a golf shirt got on with her.

Ma'am
"Ma'am you had twins!

hit
she was hit in the eye

having
that I am having a heart attack.

having
I'm having a heart attack.

decided
so decided to call it a day.

startled
when he was startled

GOING
"I'M GOING FISHING":

forgot
but I forgot your birthday."

None
AND GOT YOU THESE ROSES"

endeavoured
with which I endeavoured to pay my plumber last month.

taking
while these exchanges were actually taking place:

kept
that kept opening and closing..

emphasizes
The Times emphasizes the larger geopolitical context.

falling
it built after the Persian Gulf war to contain Iraq and Iran is falling apart.

fueled
fueled

was
when an Israeli commando raid there late last week was ambushed, with twelve deaths the result.

spinning
Much of the continuing Diana coverage is spinning off into the realm of meta- and meta-meta-pieces.

run
But USAT and the WP also each run pretty newsy Diana pieces as well.

reveal
Both reveal

leads
USA Today leads with Texas' settlement of its product-liability lawsuit against the leading tobacco companies.

incurred
it incurred in the treatment of smoking-related illnesses.

makes
That makes Texas the third state to settle such a case, joining Florida and Mississippi.

raises
(Which raises the question: Hasn't technology progressed to a point

cheek-by-jowl
cheek-by-jowl on the WP 's Page A6 provides an interesting snapshot of the life of the modern Cabinet officer:

None
"[Ex-HUD Secretary] Cisneros's Ex-Mistress Pleads Guilty," "[Labor Secretary] Herman Denies Allegations of Influence-Selling Scheme,"

None
and "Two Tyson Foods Executive Indicted Over Gifts to [Ex-Agriculture Secretary] Espy."

backs
In true newspaper overkill fashion, the piece backs this up by consulting Cynde Watson, national makeup artist for Bobbi Brown Essentials, and Steven Zdatny, a historian at West Virginia University

treating
and treating Clinton's familiar defenses as the lies and half-lies

laments
he now so telegenically laments.

claim
(Today, of course, the president's defenders claim

claims
who apparently claims to have a list of Clinton paramours,

wreaked
wreaked by Sen. Joe McCarthy, without any apology for his own role.

integrated
Most integrated into multiethnic communities in the cities of Jaffa, Tiberias, and Jerusalem.

Extolling
Extolling the virtues of manual labor,

spread
Among the peasantry, rumors spread alleging an Anglo-Jewish conspiracy to remove Muslims from Palestine.

retained
retained their land,

compares
One popular theory compares Zionism's imperative to acquire land to the American idea of Manifest Destiny (that it was the United States' God-given right to rule from coast to coast).

executed
that the murdered real-estate dealer was executed by plainclothes Palestinian Authority police.

banning
banning the abortion of "viable fetuses."

made
made fetal viability an important legal concept .

reintroducing
Building on our success of reintroducing the gray wolves to Yellowstone National Park by expanding gray wolf recovery into suitable habitat in the United States.

shivering
shivering with fear, with no place to call home.

comes
A significant promise comes with your enclosed personalized address labels,

see
You see,

highlights
The enclosed copy of Wildlife Watch highlights

provides
But best of all, your membership provides you with an opportunity to make a real, personal difference in the world we all share.

receive
and receive your $15 membership gift,

’m
And why I’m writing you today to ask you to renew your support for the pivotal year ahead.

continue
New loans continue to slow;

told
Xerox Corp. has told employees in its Crum & Forster personal insurance operations

offering
In addition, Upjohn is offering a one-time retirement bonus equal to six months of base pay.

reflecting
reflecting restructuring costs as well as a more difficult pet food market.

provided
W. Mark Goode, president of Micronyx Inc., a Richardson, Texas, firm that makes computer-security products, provided a new definition for Mikhail Gorbachev's campaign for greater openness,

winning
who is winning the drug war in Latin America,

shot
The paper's local administrator, Maria Luz Lopez, was shot dead,

stopped
while her car was stopped for a red light.

comes
This comes from a man

mean
engaged in the drug trade mean

None
The analysis confirms—and extends to a global level—previous research

None
that arrived at our transplant center with the intention of being used for transplantation, but for various reasons

None
and fresh media containing 30 μM of arachidonic acid was added to the plates.

None
Eicosanoids were quantified by measuring the ratio of the intensity of ions m/z 569/573 for PGF 2α , m/z 614/618 for TXB 2 and 6-keto-PGF 1α ,

None
sonicated,

None
boiled with gel loading buffer (62.5 mM TRIS-HCl, at pH 6.8, 10% glycerol, 2% SDS, 5% β-mercaptoethanol, and bromophenol blue),

None
and centrifuged at 15,000 x g for 10 min.

None
and incubated with horseradish peroxidase linked secondary antibodies at a dilution 1:4000 (Amersham).

None
The RNA was denatured prior to loading by incubating the RNA at 65°C for 10 min in a loading buffer

None
The COX-2 probe was random primed following the directions of the manufacturer (Megaprime ®, Amersham/Pharmacia).

None
while IL-1β significantly induced COX-2 to a similar degree in IPF and normal lung fibroblasts (Fig.

None
Northern blot showed minimal COX-2 mRNA in unstimulated cells and significant upregulation of COX-2 mRNA expression

None
20 ] found

set
set up a small sidewalk stall,

designed
The 72-par course was designed by Dave Thomas.

called
he was called to Kleinhüningen in 1879.

Confronted
Confronted with the reality of his family's poverty,

was
"was when I learned

forbade
until Oliver Cromwell forbade capital punishment for petty theft.

decapitated
and he was decapitated by equipment

stood
On 10 October 1789, Joseph-Ignace Guillotin, a French physician, stood before the National Assembly

researched
the National Assembly researched a new method to be used on all condemned people regardless of class.

executed
He was executed in front of what is now the city hall of Paris (Place de l'hôtel de ville).

stating
stating

nationalised
The government nationalised most property

wrote
*Thomas Paine (1737–1809), English-American author and deist who wrote a scathing critique on religion in the The Age of Reason (1793-4).

born
*Richard Dawkins (born 1941), English biologist, one of the "four horsemen" of New Atheism.

born
(born 1969), American sociologist.

used
The term "balabaika" was widely used in Ukrainian language documents from 1717 to 1732.

According
According to one theory, the term was loaned to Russian,

mention
Further documents from 1700 and 1714 also mention the instrument.

featured
The musician and author Michael Hearst featured a composition titled "Blobfish",

opposed
Edmund Burke, an 18th-century politician who opposed the French Revolution

credited
but supported the American Revolution, is credited as one of the main theorists of conservatism in Great Britain in the 1790s.

published
Robert Filmer's Patriarcha: or the Natural Power of Kings, published posthumously in 1680

written
but written before the English Civil War of 1642-1651,

leading
leading to the hegemony of the Tory-opposed Whig ideology.

derived
This new generation of conservatives derived their politics not from Burke but from his predecessor, the Viscount Bolingbroke

attacked
(famously attacked by Samuel Johnson in "Taxation No Tyranny").

leading
leading to joblessness and poverty, racial segregation

narrowed
narrowed down from a list of many options,

attended
Washington, who attended Fremont High School,

organized
The North Taiga band was organized under the Qing Dynasty from 1755-1912 as part of Toja or Uriyankhai banner.

allowed
The Statute of Galway of 1527 allowed the playing of "foot balle" and archery

banned
but banned

proved
It proved difficult, if not impossible, for the authorities to enforce the Act and the earliest recorded inter-county match in Ireland was one between Louth and Meath, at Slane, in 1712,

representing
(representing County Limerick)

injured
and 65 were injured.

mentioned
As previously mentioned

lived
that lived to the age of 62.

estimated
and his peak weight was estimated at 1,500 kilograms (3,300 lb).

followed
followed by the American Revolution of 1776 and the French Revolution of 1792.

taken
either taken from the Omo National Park

mentioned
(when it was first mentioned in print in a handbook of games).

featured
For example, it was featured in at least 10 episodes of Star Trek: The Next Generation as a weekly event of the senior staff of the fictional ship's crew.

won
Also in world series of poker 2003 Chris Moneymaker who was an accountant and not a professional poker player won the main event of the world series.

condemning
condemning the teachings of Martin Luther as heretical.

covered
covered the workings of the mind in their writings.

focused
Wundt focused on breaking down mental processes into the most basic components,

described
as described in the orchestration texts of Hector Berlioz and Cecil Forsyth, the J. Howard Foote catalog of 1893, and modern names.

was
Sax's claim to have invented the instrument was hotly contested by other brass instrument makers during his lifetime, leading to various lawsuits.

defined
The common, generic use of the term, as defined above in terms of rule by a church or analogous religious leadership,

