take
I take pictures

try
and try to do a little something less about consuming and more about redemption every day.

serves
that serves millions of visitors each year.

marvel
City folk marvel at the quaint charms of the Cape, its idyllic beauty and simple pleasures.

go
And then they go out to eat.

serves
Raina Stefani serves David's produce at her restaurant Terra Luna ,

use
we use in typesetting our products.

adjusts
that adjusts its width to the text

used
This is used in chemical formulas,

works
... Since the details of why a prefix embellishing operator sometimes "works"

writes
She writes, “the final ‘lesson’ of the myth often fades into the background

updating
updating their technology and replacing their equipment often.

let
Being a fan of the American TV show “MythBusters,” he let his students participate in physical experiments

held
She always held it

’ve
I’ve ever met.

seemed
Adelle always seemed to find him,

failed
and she never failed to share her information with Gianna,

suspected
but they never suspected me,

guessed
They never guessed my treachery!

taking
when and where official meals were taking place,

taking
taking mental notes for later dinnertime discussions.

came
so that when the evening dances came around

dress
playing dress up with all the fine clothes

reviews
and the Postal Rate Commission reviews proposed changes in, the terms and conditions of postal services,

seeking
seeking either to establish new postal products or to reconfigure pre-existing services.

carry
that LSC recipients carry out their work consistent with their professional responsibilities.

proposes
Whenever OCE proposes to review the records of a recipient either through an on-site visit or otherwise,

notifies
OCE notifies the recipient orally and in writing about the purpose of the visit or review,

heard
but I never heard of one

delivers
that delivers lunches to elderly shut-ins,

used
I used to take my four-year-old daughter on my afternoon rounds.

make
Translation: "I make the messes,

cleans
she cleans them up."

attend
that whereas I personally attend to your telephone calls and letters,

try
when I try to contact you

call
so I call you to get the exact time."

publish
We also publish Your Big Backyard and Wild Animal Baby.

use
When you use it in place of plastic bags

working
We are constantly working in every part of the country to save those species and special places

help
and help us spread the word to protect ocean wildlife.

pass
we pass on to our children.

working
that are working to improve the health of our marine environment.

escort
Renaissance Cruises vacations escort you from one fabulous destination to the next in a beautiful cabin aboard a brand-new ship.

tell
you tell the world

steal
"Hostile and even friendly nations routinely steal information from U.S. companies

share
and share it with their own companies,"

get
you get in hotels and in the long lines of people

starts
Sightseeing in Hong Kong starts at sea level with the enthralling water traffic — a mix of freighters, ferries, tugs, junks, and yachts.

sell
These stores sell excess stock or factory overruns.

put
and innovative productions put on by leading talent from both East and West.

takes
The Festival of Asian Arts takes place every other October,

bringing
bringing to Hong Kong for two weeks orchestras, dance groups, opera, and drama companies from all over Asia.

takes
The Hong Kong International Film Festival takes place in April.

performs
The Hong Kong Chinese Orchestra performs new and traditional works;

—
Hong Kong’s three professional dance companies — the Hong Kong Ballet Company, the Hong Kong Dance Company, and the newer City Contemporary Dance Company — perform regularly, often at the Hong Kong Academy for the Performing Arts.

offered
Nightlife tours are offered by a number of companies.

welcomes
welcomes visitors to its three 18-hole courses at Fanling in the New Territories, or the 9-hole course at Deep Water Bay.

brings
brings teams from all over the world.

sees
The Rugby Sevens sees teams come together from all over the world

making
making the night sky come vibrantly alive.

return
Periodically he would return to the mannequin,

bringing
often bringing tiny sheets of paper with messages

used
used for the protection of the exploitation and the stupefaction of the working class"

mentioned
Burke was seldom mentioned

used
which itself is sometimes used as a moniker for Crip.

used
Consequently, the name caid is used by some people to refer to present day Gaelic football.

used
The term "horse" is sometimes used colloquially to refer specifically to a stallion.

regulating
By regulating the river flows,

uplifting
and ‘uplifting’ the low flows during the dry season,

used
We used to fish for the latter variety in the quiet pools

saved
and always saved some of the fish as bait for the big fellows.

fished
We fished for the pacu

used
During the Reformation, the term was hardly used outside of the German politics.

used
Protestantism as a general term is now used in contradistinction to the other major Christian faiths, i.e. Roman Catholicism and Eastern Orthodoxy.

used
jpg|thumb|Saxhorn used by the 1st Minnesota Volunteer Infantry Regiment during the Civil War.

