like
but like the good people of Asheville, marches to its own drum.

runs
He runs the Rock Spray nursery, a Certified Natural provider of evergreens and ornamentals.

manages
And he manages the First Light Organic Farm, a lush green spot in a hollow of North Truro.

makes
but it only makes up a portion of her fares:

eq
where |eq$1is the unique |id

tell
tell people to always uses braces to properly group it.

tell
tell people to always uses braces to properly group it.

retain
and we retain the image of the erotic, strong, unrepressed (if destructive) woman.”

were
Jobs were scarce in other steel-exporting countries,

did
but they never did.

making
making each town strongly dependent on every other town.

lets
so he lets me live there."

receives
He receives none.

make
He can occasionally make out some voices, but only snippets of conversation.

stabbed
stabbed through green vegetables and slices of cheese, and balls of meat

watching
watching as the stars blink out,

negotiated
into negotiated service agreements with individual customers or groups of customers.

assigns
Similarly, § 403(a) assigns the Postal Service

grants
The Reorganization Act grants the Postal Service specific powers

serve
that serve as the operational tools of service innovation.

mandates
Conclusion: The Postal Reorganization Act of 1970 clearly mandates that the Postal Service innovate by developing effective and efficient postal services

depart
The rules depart from those generally applicable to proposed mail classification changes by reducing the amount of supporting evidence

establish
as sections 161 through 166,7 establish expedited procedures for consideration of Postal Service proposed market tests of potential new services.

streamline
They also streamline public notice and hearing procedures,

providing
providing for a "yes or no" Commission decision within 90 days, consistent with the due process rights of other parties.

streamline
and also streamline procedural scheduling.

empowers
of Title 39 generally empowers the Service "to enter into

directs
of Title 39 directs that:

[
directs the Commission to consider "the desirability and justification for special classifications and services of mail" [§ 3623

prides
LSC management prides itself on thorough and effective monitoring of recipient activities and on its training of recipients with regard to compliance issues.

gives
It gives you an indication of how fast they are running."

sweated
That the miners sweated for"

reached
that once reached to such dazzling heights.

used
we're used to it.

worked
-- never worked out their ideology's logistics.

feature
The wrapping paper and matching gift cards feature delightful holiday wildlife images

’ll
As a member you’ll play a role in educating millions of Americans — young and old alike — through these outstanding wildlife publications and many other related activities such as distributing Wildlife Week materials to millions of American schoolchildren each year.

receive
when we receive your membership gift.

enjoy
you enjoy using them

remind
that they remind you

receive
At the same time, you’ll receive CMC’s benefit-packed New Member Welcome Kit ... a free subscription to our exciting full-color quarterly newsletter, Marine Conservation News ... more steps

start
Cruise rates start as low as $599 for an outside cabin on select sail dates,

gives
DTV gives you access to professional and college sports packages

makes
that makes watching and controlling your television easy.

care
that you, too, care about what we leave our children — clean water,

helps
that your support helps NWF protect valuable wildlife species like this one.

says
Like your address labels, your gray wolf toy says good things about you and your love of wildlife!

’ll
we’ll escalate our trailblazing program to find alternatives for traditional tiger-based medicines ... rescue more rhinos in Kenya and Nepal through our ambitious translocation projects ... complete the first survey of China’s pandas in over a decade ...

command
The publishers in Monterrey command no battalions,

argues
who argues that religious moderation provides cover for dangerous fundamentalism.

valued
and he valued community and social harmony over social reforms.

outnumbered
at one point they outnumbered non-Crip gangs by 3 to 1,

used
as this term is used to describe horses

maintains
Saudi Arabia maintains religious courts for all aspects of law

