workshops
TBR hosts workshops twice a week.

are
For a few hours, the doors are open to anyone

training
and Troy Bike Rescue is training self-reliant individuals of all stripes.

reducing
you're reducing your consumption of fossil fuels.

save
you save on gas,

ride
who ride for change.

deteriorates
Without fertilization, it deteriorates shockingly fast.

turns
or it turns back into sand."

head
at each spring tide , the local community would head out to the bogs and marshes to harvest the grasses.

get
All the nutrients get depleted."

comes
and yet even with access to sophisticated data it often comes down to human factors.

occurs
This case occurs with list items within a numbered list, or with numbered sub-equations.

adjusts
that adjusts its width to the text underneath it.

encounters
When the parser encounters something like a +_2 b,

encounters
When the parser encounters something like a + _2 b,

lures
and lures men to their downfall with her sexual attractiveness.

treated
who is badly treated by society,

sown
but the seeds for its downfall were slowly being sown.

were
and they were often long and bloody.

shop
People from each town work, shop, eat,

socialize
and socialize in towns separate from their own,

instills
Each town, with their own identity, instills a strong regionalistic feeling within their respective populations,

takes
Oftentimes this regionalism takes the form of bizarre forms of hatred, with certain towns

refuse
Workers from Poland Township would refuse to attend rallies with workers from Campbell,

become
and citizens of Struthers would become suspicious

goes
that goes around fluanting

leave
“People do leave.

get
and you never get fat

get
and you never get sick.

is
because ESPN is usually part of basic cable service.

push
that improvements in technology would continually push the point of fetal viability closer to the beginning of the pregnancy,

assess
Doctors assess a fetus's viability by attempting to guess

used
that this procedure is used mainly post-viability.

attribute
animals attribute intelligent and sensitive qualities to “stupid, non-feeling” animals.

stand
we stand guard for all animals.

help
you help conserve our natural resources.

correspond
as you correspond with your friends and family

continue
Even today, after years of public outrage, dolphins continue to die in tuna fisheries

killed
of other countries and are still being cruelly and often illegally killed by gillnets and harpoons.

washing
And now, growing numbers of dolphins with malignant tumors and high levels of toxic chemicals in their tissues are washing onto U.S. beaches.

continue
And thousands of endangered sea turtles and other creatures continue to die each year unnecessarily due to wasteful fishing and over development, forces

played
that are played outside the local viewing area,

play
that you play a vital role in achieving our conservation goals around the globe.

promote
that promote overfishing

makes
The battery plant, which makes rechargeable nickel cadmium and carbon zinc products,

are
-- who often are one and the same -- in Colombia.

None
collects data from countries around the world on risk factors such as tobacco, malnutrition, childhood abuse, unsafe sex, childbirth, and cholesterol levels, as well as on disease burdens, for example depression, blindness, and diarrhea.

None
they calculate disability-adjusted life-years,

None
Several factors modulate fibroblast proliferation and collagen production,

goes
but shopping goes on into the evening, up to 9:30pm.

close
they generally close at 6pm

written
and written with a cross inside it because of its association with the enemy.

altered
Many other letters are also altered due to symbolic associations.

ride
They ride, breed, milk,

operate
Three major football competitions operate throughout the year:

operated
the National Football League and the All-Ireland Senior Championship are operated on a county basis,

contested
while the All-Ireland Club Championship is contested by individual clubs.

used
used to describe equine-related concepts, covering everything from anatomy to life stages, size, colors, markings, breeds, locomotion, and behavior.

used
Specific terms and specialized language are used to describe equine anatomy, different life stages, colors and breeds.

drawn
The distinction between a horse and pony is commonly drawn on the basis of height, especially for competition purposes.

exercise
but sovereigns in the smaller states exercise greater political influence than in the larger.

refers
In current usage the word monarchy usually refers to a traditional system of hereditary rule,

manifests
although sometimes Tumwi manifests itself as a thing of the sky (ahi a tumwin), such as a rainbow or a bird.

provides
which provides education, basic medical care and instruction in Christianity.

used
used to refer to several common species of omnivorous South American freshwater fish

allowing
while allowing the canoe to drift,

go
who go to fly fish for pacu.

compete
Both subsistence fishers and their commercial rivals compete in netting large quantities of pacu,

bring
which bring good prices at markets in Brazil and abroad.

explore
that psychologists would explore for years to come.

delegates
India similarly delegates control of marriage and some other civil matters to the religious communities, in large part as a way of accommodating its Muslim minority.

decided
but ultimately is decided by the pope;

